Subtree         Owner
------------------------
1394            adube
atm             arvindm
config          sumeetb
dhcp            rameshv
diagnostics     willzi
dlc             jameelh
homenet         maiken
http            rajeshsu
ias             sbens
ipsec           krishnag
irda            brianl
jet500          rameshv
mmc             marcdesg
ndis            alid
netbeui         chaitk
netbios         vraman
netbt           malam
netevent        jschwart
nwlink          malam
published       shaunco
qos             rameshpa
rndis           arvindm
rras            raos
sfm             koti
snmp            willzi
sockets         vadime
streams         jameelh
tapi            mquinton
tcpip           nksrin
tdi             josephj
unimodem        brwill
upnp            danielwe
winnet          jschwart
wins            florint
wlbs            ramkrish

